Lagging theory conceptually permits groundwater flux and hydraulic
Adding two lagging parameters creates both an over-parameterization
A constitutive relation with flux lag tau q and gradient lag tau s
Lagging ratio lambda with a threshold at one
Lag-adjusted characteristic time tau c
Best-fit S, T, tau q, and tau s for each analyzed well
Baseline storage transmissivity and no-lag drawdown responses
Lagging-model and Darcy-model likelihood terms paired with their
AIC and BIC evidence for or against the two added lag parameters
Spatial fields of S, T, tau q, and tau s
One conditional parameter cumulative distribution at each
Spatial maps of 90% confidence-interval width
A lambda map partitioned into inertia-dominated and
Classical Darcy diffusion time for every analyzed site
Scatter evidence showing how tau c departs from the Darcy time scale
For the examined pumping tests, the extra lag parameters were